[Music]
after successfully working as the
mercenary Deadpool for two years Wade
Wilson fails to kill one of his targets
on his anniversary with his girlfriend
Vanessa that night after the pair
decides to start a family together the
target tracks Wilson down and kills
Vanessa Wilson kills the man in revenge
he blames himself for her death and
attempts to commit suicide six weeks
later by blowing himself up Wilson has a
vision of Vanessa in the afterlife but
the pieces of his body remain alive and
are put back together by colossus Wilson
is left with only a skeeball token an
anniversary gift as a final memento of
Vanessa recovering at the x-mansion
Bilson agrees to join the x-men as a
form of healing he colossus and
negasonic teenage warhead respond to a
standoff between authorities and the
unstable young mutant russell collins at
an orphanage labelled a mutant
re-education Center Wilson realizes that
Collin's has been abused by the
orphanage staff and kills one of the
staff members Colossus stops him from
killing anyone else
and both Wilson and Collins are arrested
restrained with collars that suppress
their powers they are taken to the
icebox an isolated prison for mutant
criminals meanwhile a cybernetic soldier
from the future table whose family is
murdered by an older Collins traveled
back in time to kill the boy before
Collins ever becomes a killer cable
breaks into the ice box and attacks
Collins Wilson whose collar has broken
in the melee attempts to defend Collins
after cable takes Vanessa's token Wilson
forces himself and cable out of the
prison but not before Collins overhears
wilson deny that he cares for the young
mutant near death again
Wilson has another vision of an S on
which she convinces him to help Collins
Wilson organizes a team called x-force
to brake Collins out of a prison
transfer convoy and defend him from
cable the team launches his assault on
the convoy by parachuting from a plane
but all of the members die during the
landing except for Wilson and the lucky
Domino while they fight cable Collins
frees fellow inmate juggernaut who
agrees to help Collins kill the abusive
orphanage headmaster juggernaut destroys
the convoy allowing himself and Collins
to escape cable offers to work with
Wilson and Domino to stop Collins's
first murder and agrees to give Wilson a
chance to talk Collins down at the
orphanage they are overpowered by
juggernaut while Collins attacks the
headmaster until Colossus who had at
first refused to help Wilson due to
Wilson's murderous ways arrives to
distract juggernaut when Wilson fails to
track down Collins cable shoots at the
young mutant
Wilson leaps in front of the bullet
while wearing the ice box collar and
dies reuniting with Vanessa in the
afterlife seeing this sacrifice Collins
does not kill the headmaster this
changes the future so that cables family
now survives cable uses the last charge
on his time-traveling device which he
needed for returning to his family to go
back several minutes and strap Vanessa's
token in front of Wilson's heart now
when Wilson takes the bullet for Collins
it is stopped by the token and both
survived
Colin still has his change of heart and
afterwards the headmaster is run over by
Wilson's taxi driver friend dopinder in
a mid-credits scene
negasonic teenage warhead and her
girlfriend Yukio repair cables
time-traveling device for Wilson he uses
it to save the lives of Vanessa and
x-force member Peter and kills both
x-men origins Wolverines version of
Deadpool and actor Ryan Reynolds while
he was considering starring in the film
Green Lantern
[Music]